Image fixes - Monitors (#1735)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/alerts/monitors/edit-settings.md

To view the thresholds translating values in your metrics explorer, follow the steps below:
1. Select Monitor from the **Monitoring** page.

> 1. On the Monitors Details page, navigate to the **Trigger Conditions** section and note the thresholds values defined for Critical and Warning data conditions. All other parameters will be set to default, such as the window to 15 minutes and the "at all times" box checked. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('/img/monitors/view-in-explorer-page.png')} alt="view-in-explorer-page" width="450" />

Author: > * `pane`, not `page` (see the h2 header above it)
> * to fix your broken images, need to remove `/` before `img`

That is not a pane, that is a page.

> 1. On the Monitors Details page, navigate to the **Trigger Conditions** section and note the thresholds values defined for Critical and Warning data conditions. All other parameters will be set to default, such as the window to 15 minutes and the "at all times" box checked. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('/img/monitors/view-in-explorer-page.png')} alt="view-in-explorer-page" width="450" />

Author: Yes, that's correct, I thought you are talking about the Metrrics Explorer page.

> 1. On the Monitors Details page, navigate to the **Trigger Conditions** section and note the thresholds values defined for Critical and Warning data conditions. All other parameters will be set to default, such as the window to 15 minutes and the "at all times" box checked. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('/img/monitors/view-in-explorer-page.png')} alt="view-in-explorer-page" width="450" />

Reviewer: Oh ok cool! Yes Metrics Explorer is a page for sure - thank you for clarifying

> 1. Click the **View in Metrics Explorer** <img src={useBaseUrl('/img/monitors/view-in-explorer-icon.png')} alt="view-in-explorer-icon" width="150" /> button. The Metrics Explorer page will display with the same threshold values applied to the panel and graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the **View in Metrics Explorer** button. The Metrics Explorer page will display with the same threshold values applied to the panel and graph.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/monitors/view-in-explorer-icon.png')} alt="view-in-explorer-icon" width="150" /> 
```

1. On the **Panel settings** page, click threshold <img src={useBaseUrl('/img/monitors/thresholds-icon.png')} alt="thresholds-icon"
width="40" /> icon to view the values that you have defined for the Monitor.

> 1. To view the values on chart, you may need to change the window time range in the graph to some other as the default is 15 minutes. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('/img/monitors/thresholds-graph.png')} alt="thresholds-graph" width="950" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To view the values on chart, you may need to change the window time range in the graph to some other as the default is 15 minutes. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/monitors/thresholds-graph.png')} alt="thresholds-graph" width="950" />
```
